Notetaker: Johnjimy Som
Partciptant: Chris Williams

Geography 360: Human Geography Using your library research skills, find and read the readings assigned on the syllabus.  : Questions for Discussion: Please write down some notes based on these questions and bring them to class for your small group discussion. 

1.What kind of readings are these?
*~Opinion articles, personal experience (review in authors point of view) A state of belief and give reason why this belief is accurate.


2.Are there any terms or facts you are not familiar with? Make a note of them and look them up if possible.

*~diversity (i think of mixture)/ 
online definition: the state of being diverse; variety.
"there was considerable diversity in the style of the reports"
;a range of different things.
myopic: near-sighted


3.What is the subject of the reading? What is the main argument (thesis) of each reading?

*~"Mixed neighbourhoods not always a good idea"
- Argues agaubust the belief that socially mixed communities are healthiest safer and more vibrant. Hurts poor people.

4.How does the author support the argument? What kinds of evidence?
Author social mixtures does not improve neighborhoods, from international resources. "International research examining mixed public housing redevelopment reveals that social mixing does not improve.."


5.Evaluate the strength of the evidence. Does it effectively/convincingly support the author’s point?
International data seemed to be strong but was not sufficient. Was not enough evidence to support his own point
no graphs or data.


6.Do you agree/disagree with the authors’ position(s)? Why?
I agree, research as shown that social mixing actuallty hurts the poor. the point of  social mixing is unable to achieve this goal then other methods aiding the poor need to be implemented


7.How/why is each reading an example of human geography?
All these articles is a example of human geography, using concepts from (traditional Geography) examples such as Places and regions, impact of human activity on natural environment... (Environment and Society).